Move OTLP specification to github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto (#3454)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/protocol/otlp.md

Reviewer: Wouldn't it also need a PR for https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io so that https://opentelemetry.io/docs/reference/specification/protocol/otlp/ does not return 404?

Author: Good catch. Issue created https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry.io/issues/2642

# OpenTelemetry Protocol Specification

> This document is moved to
> [https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/blob/main/specification/otlp.md](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/blob/main/specification/otlp.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This page has moved to
<https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-proto/blob/main/specification/otlp.md>.
```
